was from a rather small town background. His
father was a livestock buyer. He and his wife were
from a ranching background. I was extremely proud
when he asked me to help him select some cattle to
repopulate his ranch after the drought of the 50s.
He was a rancher. a very happy experience going
entirely over his ranch with him to praise him,
advise him about that.
So we had a lot of the same standards and
characteristics and he was an inspiration to me.
We've covered your early experiences, your
education here at A&M, your ideas about the Corps,
military, leadership. Is there anything else
that you would like to talk about with this
interview? Is there anything that I missed that
you think is important to your life, you think
important to shaping the type of person you are,
and why you became a general? Well, we haven't said
much about the great support I've had from my wife
all through the years, or the support and
encouragement and inspiration I've gained from
my children. I'd have to say that
it sure is easier to achieve if you have a living
home life, an environment into which you can
effectively sometime retreat, rest, take a
change of pace. associate with people that you
know are entirely loyal, loving, and supportive.
So I would have to say that for my immediate family,
for my brother, sister, mother, that I've been
mighty fortunate in having highly supportive
people. We didn't talk about that a whole lot after
we left parents, but I certainly have been one of
the Lord's most blessed people in that way.
Now I've got to go to an award ceremony. Okay, thank
you very much for this interview. Yeah, it's been
fun, an ego trip.